I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Mary plays the piano.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
How was the math test?
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Where do random thoughts come from?
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Please wait outside of the house.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She advised him to come back at once.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The book is in front of the table.
A glittering gem is not enough.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Two seats were vacant.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
She did her best to help him.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The river stole the gods.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Hurry!